Docker Desktop update redesign docs (#12623)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/index.md

On the **General** tab, you can configure when to start and update Docker:

> - **Automatically check for updates**: By default, Docker Desktop is configured to automatically check for newer versions. [Upgrade your existing organization to a Team plan](https://www.docker.com/pricing?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs_driven_upgrade) to disable the automatic check for updates. If you have installed Docker Desktop as part of an organization, you may not be able to update Docker Desktop. Consult your organization administrator to update Docker Desktop to a newer version.

Reviewer: This paragraph seems in the wrong order. I think we should say:

```suggestion
- **Automatically check for updates**: By default, Docker Desktop is configured to check for newer versions automatically. If you have installed Docker Desktop as part of an organization, you may not be able to update Docker Desktop yourself. In that case, [upgrade your existing organization to a Team plan](https://www.docker.com/pricing?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs_driven_upgrade) and clear this checkbox to disable the automatic check for updates.
```

(ditto on Windows, of course).

Author: Done

- **Securely store Docker logins in macOS keychain**: Docker Desktop stores your Docker login credentials in macOS keychain by default.

> - **Use gRPC FUSE for file sharing**: Uncheck to use the legacy osxfs file sharing instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Use gRPC FUSE for file sharing**: Clear this checkbox to use the legacy osxfs file sharing instead.
```

- **Send usage statistics**: Docker Desktop sends diagnostics, crash reports, and usage data. This information helps Docker improve and troubleshoot the application. Clear the check box to opt out.

> * **Show weekly tips**: Display a useful advice or suggestion once a week.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Show weekly tips**: Displays useful advice and suggestions about using Docker.
```

> * **Open Docker Desktop dashboard at startup**: Automatically open the dashboard when starting Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Open Docker Desktop dashboard at startup**: Automatically opens the dashboard when starting Docker Desktop.
```
